[CIE-5544] updates to c8yedge tool (#4324)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/edge/edge-2025.0.13-c8yedge-package-name-changed.md

---
date: 2024-01-14
title: Versioned naming for offline packages
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
product_area: Edge
component:
  - value: component-g7hnfbu4J
    label: Edge
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-nJH2U7g3u
    label: edge
ticket: CIE-5544
version: 2025.0.13
---

> The **c8yedge** tool now includes the downloaded Edge version in the generated offline package filename (for example, `c8yedge-{{< c8y-edge-current-version >}}_0_0.tar`). This improvement allows for easier identification of package contents and prevents accidental overwrites when managing multiple versions.

Reviewer: This wording somehow feels a bit awkward, can't quite put my finger on it

```suggestion

When the **c8yedge** tool generates an offline package, the filename now includes the downloaded Edge version (for example, `c8yedge-{{< c8y-edge-current-version >}}_0_0.tar`). This improvement allows for easier identification of package contents and prevents accidental overwrites when managing multiple versions.
```
